[Music]
so what is it like to say I can't wait
to be depressed
again look at that
smile in this coaching session we touch
on a theme that affects so many people
it's where you're resisting an emotions
so much that what you're actually doing
is inviting it into your life we filmed
this session during a live Q&A where
people from the public can raise their
hand and be coached by me and if you pay
attention to it I'm sure you're going to
get a ton out of it so I I wonder how
can I trust on my voice and on my word
again how do you trust your voice and
your work again worth worth yes oh how
did you do it just
now cuz I feel it's a safer space
uh what is it 200
strangers on the internet being
recorded how is this
same um I think all the strangers uh do
not know all of my
history yeah but it's going to be on the
internet someone's going to see
it yeah what's what you trust yourself
enough to raise your hand be filmed in
front of all these
people what I don't what's the trust you
want in yourself that's beyond
that it's to be able to communicate with
my friends and my family
again sorry about that say say again you
want to communicate with your friends
and your family again in the way that I
used
to how did you used to do it uh I was
more more free I spe my mind and I told
the things that I wanted to say and yes
and what happened that made you
stop uh there was kind of some decisions
that I took that made me go through
some kind of hard paths and made me
unrust of my
world what was it tell me what the path
was what what H what's the actual thing
that happened that made you not trust
your worth anymore yeah um it was uh
when I asked my ex-girlfriend to
breakout break up and then I trying to
go back with
her you tried to did you succeed in
going back with her no aha so you broke
up and then you wanted to get her back
and she said no and so you lost trust in
yourself
yeah what what made made that something
worth losing your trust in yourself did
you become depressed or what like what
happened that yeah I I think my permer
depression exploded at that
moment I
see how's the depression now I think
it's cured I I feel cool
okay and the fear is that if you follow
that intuition again it'll lead you back
into depression yeah is that is that the
fear not to if I feel my intuition I'll
go back to make the same mistakes again
great I love it so I have a button right
here I can push it and then you were
never
depressed you want me to push the button
you want me to take away the depression
that you
felt that I felt felt in the past no
so your intuition was
right [__] right
yeah that that Depression was a gift for
you I can see
it what would make you reject the gift
again I think that's the gift if that's
a gift that wants to be given to you
again what would make you reject
it in advance don't go through the same
experiences and through the same pain
but you don't want me to take it away
from you
no how do you make sense of
that how do you make sense of the thing
that you went to this place it was dark
it was [__] horrible but man you
would not give it away you would not
trade it
it was a huge gift for you m it taught
you things about yourself you can
probably even feel like a little
Melancholy like there's like a little
bit of like oh there was something sweet
in it yeah I see the smile
right and but I will never do that again
how do you make sense of
that all this connection to your body
that you feel that probably also was one
of the gifts of your depression
yeah and here's the weird part the more
that you don't want it to happen again
the more likely it is to happen again
[__]
yeah so what is it like to say I can't
wait to be depressed again
look at that
smile just say it out try it
[Laughter]
oh yeah so yeah let's do the experiment
I can't wait to be depressed again I
can't wait to be depressed again
[Laughter]
[Music]
what a pleasure